[Workers] Get started page refresh (#1851)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/get-started/guide.md

---
order: 0
title: "Guide"

> pcx-content-type: configuration

Author: I said `configuration` to Kody and he agreed.

> pcx-content-type: configuration

Reviewer: The purpose of a configuration (as we describe it at least) is to show examples of specific settings, values, and options. It's object-based, rather than task-based. An instance of configuration is a page containing API examples; another instance could be a page of common policy configurations. What I see here is a step-by-step guide to achieving a goal. Thoughts?

> pcx-content-type: configuration

Author: I don't mind changing it to a giant how-to, that works for me too with your explanation.

> pcx-content-type: configuration

Author: ```suggestion
pcx-content-type: how-to
```

---

# Get started guide

> Cloudflare Workers is a serverless application platform running on Cloudflare’s global [cloud network](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/serverless/glossary/what-is-edge-computing/) in over 200 cities around the world, offering both [free and paid plans](/platform/pricing).

Author: I am accounting for the fact that someone may hyperlink to the get started page instead of the landing page, so I left a brief description in.

Learn more about [how Workers works](/learning/how-workers-works).

<Aside type ="note" header="Try the Playground">

> The quickest way to experiment with Cloudflare Workers is in the [Playground](https://cloudflareworkers.com/#36ebe026bf3510a2e5acace89c09829f:about:blank). The Playground does not require any setup. It is a simple, instant way to preview and test a Workers script directly in the browser against any site.

Author: In front of "script", `Workers` and `Worker` is used almost interchangeably. On its own, we use `Worker` to refer to a script and Workers to refer to the platform.

</Aside>

This guide will instruct you through setting up a Cloudflare account to deploying your first Worker script.

--------------------------------

## 1. Sign up for a Workers account

Before you can start [publishing](/cli-wrangler/commands#publish) your Workers on your own domain or a free `*.workers.dev` subdomain, you must sign up for a Cloudflare Workers account.

<p><Button type="primary" href="https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up/workers">Sign up</Button></p>

The signup process will guide you through choosing a `*.workers.dev` subdomain and verifying your email address, both of which are required to publish.

--------------------------------

## 2. Install the Workers CLI

> Installing `wrangler`, the Workers CLI, gives you the freedom to [`generate`](/cli-wrangler/commands#generate), [`configure`](/cli-wrangler/commands#configure), [`build`](/cli-wrangler/commands#build), [`preview`](/cli-wrangler/commands#preview), and [`publish`](/cli-wrangler/commands#publish) your Workers projects from the comfort of your development environment.

Reviewer: is the proper name `wrangler` or Wrangler? (asking as someone who writes about `cloudflared` all the time :) )

Reviewer 2: Works either way here IMO. If code-ticked, `wrangler` would work since it's referencing the installed `wrangler` binary itself. Any other time would be Wrangler

> To install [`wrangler`](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler), ensure you have [`npm` installed](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm), preferably using a Node version manager like [Volta](https://volta.sh/) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to avoid permission issues, then run:

Reviewer: I would hyperlink to github the first time you mention wrangler

## 3. Configure the Workers CLI

> With Wrangler is installed, Wrangler will need access to a Cloudflare API token to manage Workers resources on your behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the installation is complete, `wrangler` will need access to a Cloudflare API token to manage Workers resources on your behalf.
```

}
```

It is common to route requests based on:

- `request.method` — e.g. `GET` or `POST`.
- `request.url` — e.g. filter based on query parameters or the pathname.
- `request.headers` — filter based on specific headers.

Refer to a full list of [all properties of a `Request` object](/runtime-apis/request#properties).

> In addition to standard request properties, the Workers platform populates the request with a [`cf` object](/runtime-apis/request#incomingrequestcfproperties), containing many useful properties (e.g., the `region` or `timezone`).

Reviewer: may just be me but I always use `for example,`

> In addition to standard request properties, the Workers platform populates the request with a [`cf` object](/runtime-apis/request#incomingrequestcfproperties), containing many useful properties (e.g., the `region` or `timezone`).

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to standard request properties, the Workers platform populates the request with a [`cf` object](/runtime-apis/request#incomingrequestcfproperties), containing many useful properties, for example, the `region` or `timezone`.
```

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
```

> Then, open up your project's `wrangler.toml` file and paste it in as the value for the `account_id` field.

Reviewer: maybe just `open`?

> Then, open up your project's `wrangler.toml` file and paste it in as the value for the `account_id` field.

Author: ```suggestion
Open up your project's `wrangler.toml` file and paste it in as the value for the `account_id` field.
```

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
```

> Then, open up your project's `wrangler.toml` file and paste it in as the value for the `account_id` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, open your project's `wrangler.toml` file and paste it in as the value for the `account_id` field.
```

~/my-worker $ wrangler publish
```

<Aside type="note">

__Note:__ When pushing to your `*.workers.dev`subdomain for the first time, you may initially see [523 errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/115003011431-Troubleshooting-Cloudflare-5XX-errors#523error) while DNS is propagating. It should work after a minute or so.

</Aside>

#### (Optional) Publish your project to a registered domain

> To deploy to your production environment you set in your `wrangler.toml` file in the [optional configuration step](/get-started/guide#optional-configure-for-deploying-to-a-registered-domain), pass the `--env` flag to the command:

Author: ```suggestion
To deploy the production environment set in your `wrangler.toml` file in the [optional configuration step](/get-started/guide#optional-configure-for-deploying-to-a-registered-domain), pass the `--env` flag to the command:
```

~/my-worker $ wrangler publish
```

<Aside type="note">

__Note:__ When pushing to your `*.workers.dev`subdomain for the first time, you may initially see [523 errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/115003011431-Troubleshooting-Cloudflare-5XX-errors#523error) while DNS is propagating. It should work after a minute or so.

</Aside>

#### (Optional) Publish your project to a registered domain

> To deploy the production environment set in your `wrangler.toml` file in the [optional configuration step](/get-started/guide#optional-configure-for-deploying-to-a-registered-domain), pass the `--env` flag to the command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you chose to [specify a production environment](/get-started/guide#optional-configure-for-deploying-to-a-registered-domain) in your `wrangler.toml` file, you may deploy to this location by passing the `--env` flag to the command:
```
